README.md, before:

# Prework - *Name of App Here*

Submitted by: **Chelsea Bhuiyan**

**Name of your app** is an app that... [TODO] 

Time spent: **4** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] Users are see a screen with three labels and a button
- [x] Tapping the button changes the screen color to a random color
 
## Video Walkthrough

Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. 

[Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA92eKlYio4) .

## App Brainstorming (Step 4)

Instagram
Unsending messages 
Stories that last for 24 hrs only

Imessage
Editing messages
Animations when certain phrases are said like congratulations and happy birthday

Snapchat
Filters on pictures
See when someone is typing

## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

## License

    Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

added the app brainstorming section

README.md, after:

# Prework - *NAME OF THE APP*

Submitted by: **Chelsea Bhuiyan**

**Name of your app** is an app that... [TODO] 

Time spent: **4** hours spent in total

## Required Features

The following **required** functionality is completed:

- [x] Users are see a screen with three labels and a button
- [x] Tapping the button changes the screen color to a random color
 
## Video Walkthrough

Here is a reminder on how to embed Loom videos on GitHub. Feel free to remove this reminder once you upload your README. 

[Guide]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GA92eKlYio4) .

## App Brainstorming (Step 4)

Instagram

Unsending messages 
Stories that last for 24 hrs only


Imessage

Editing messages
Animations when certain phrases are said like congratulations and happy birthday


Snapchat

Filters on pictures
See when someone is typing


## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.

##App Brainstorming

I would like to make a health and fitness app where you can make workout plan, keep track of your diet, and write down goals. You can also keep track of other things such as mental health, menstrational cycle, and sleep pattterns all in one.

## License

    Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
